Add meta-property asserting T0 quotient of proximal is proximal (P76) (#1266)
pi-base/data: properties/P000076.md

  name: An infinite game with topological consequences (Bell)
- doi: 10.1016/j.topol.2016.03.022
  name: Tactic-proximal compact spaces are strong Eberlein compact (Clontz)
- mathse: 5044579

>   name: Must a space be Hausdorff to be proximal?

Author: ```suggestion
  name: Is a space proximal whenever its $T_0$ quotient is?
```

Note that while many authors require {P76} spaces to be {P3}
(equivalently, {P1}),

> we do not require this separation axiom here; note the meta-property below
> that shows this property holds exactly when it holds for the Kolmogorov quotient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we do not require this separation axiom here.
But by one of meta-properties below, this property holds exactly when it holds for the Kolmogorov quotient,
which is {P3}.
```
added mention of Hausdorff, which I assume is the reason you added this sentence here?

Author: ```suggestion
we do not require this separation axiom here.
But by one of meta-properties below, this property holds exactly when it holds for its Kolmogorov 
({P1}) quotient (which must in fact be {P3}, since all {P76} spaces are {P12}).
```

Note that while many authors require {P76} spaces to be {P3}
(equivalently, {P1}),
we do not require this separation axiom here.

> However, note that by one of meta-properties below, this property holds exactly when it holds for

Author: ```suggestion
However, note that by one of the meta-properties below, this property holds exactly when it holds for
```

> However, note that by one of the meta-properties below, this property holds exactly when it holds for
> its Kolmogorov ({P1}) quotient.

Author: ```suggestion
However, due to the first meta-property below, many results about {P3} {P76} spaces may
be generalized by considering the Kolmogorov quotient.
```

> But by one of meta-properties below, this property holds exactly when it holds for its Kolmogorov 
> ({P1}) quotient (which must in fact be {P3}, since all {P76} spaces are {P12}).

Author: ```suggestion
However, note that by one of meta-properties below, this property holds exactly when it holds for
its Kolmogorov ({P1}) quotient.
```

----

#### Meta-properties

- This property is hereditary with respect to closed sets (see Lemma 7 in {{doi:10.1016/j.topol.2014.06.014}}).
- This property is preserved by $\Sigma$-products (see Theorem 8 in {{doi:10.1016/j.topol.2014.06.014}}).

> - The Kolmogorov ($T_0$) quotient $\text{Kol}(X)$ is {P76} iff $X$ is {P76}. ({mathse:5044579})

Author: ```suggestion
- The Kolmogorov ($T_0$) quotient $\text{Kol}(X)$ is {P76} iff $X$ is {P76}. ({{mathse:5044579}})
```

> - This property is hereditary with respect to closed sets (see Lemma 7 in {{doi:10.1016/j.topol.2014.06.014}}).
> - This property is preserved by $\Sigma$-products (see Theorem 8 in {{doi:10.1016/j.topol.2014.06.014}}).
> - The Kolmogorov ($T_0$) quotient $\text{Kol}(X)$ is {P76} iff $X$ is {P76}. ({mathse:5044579})

Author: ```suggestion
- $X$ satisfies this property iff its Kolmogorov quotient $\text{Kol}(X)$ does. ({{mathse:5044579}})
- This property is hereditary with respect to closed sets (see Lemma 7 in {{doi:10.1016/j.topol.2014.06.014}}).
- This property is preserved by $\Sigma$-products (see Theorem 8 in {{doi:10.1016/j.topol.2014.06.014}}).
```
